HE’LL JOIN US IN A MINUTE.
AND KARL ROVE WEIGHING IN ON THE
STATE OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
WE BEGIN WITH OUR TOP STORY, A
"HANNITY" WATCH FEATURING A SAD
AND SCARY RADICALIZATION OF THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
EVERYBODY SHOULD BE CONCERNED.
JUST A FEW DECADES AGO, THERE
WERE RACIST ANTI-SEMITES,
BIGOTS.
WE’VE OUTLINED THE HISTORY.
IN FACT, CONGRESSIONAL DEMOCRATS
OVERWHELMINGLY VOTED AGAINST THE
64 CIVIL RIGHTS ACT.
112 DEMOCRATS VOTING AGAINST IT,
INCLUDING AL GORE’S FATHER.
THE 1965 VOTING RIGHTS ACT WAS
LARGELY IMPOSED BY DEMOCRATS.
A WHOPPING 70 DEMOCRATIC
LAWMAKERS OPPOSING THOSE
IMPORTANT PROTECTIONS FOR
MINORITY
MINORIIES IN AMERICA, AND ONE
OF THE LONGEST SERVING
DEMOCRATIC ROCK STARS IN THE
U.S. SENATE WAS A FORMER
CLANSMAN.
NOW, UNFORTUNATELY TONIGHT, THE
MORE THINGS CHANGE, SADLY, WE’RE
BEGINNING TO SEE THE MORE THEY
STAY THE SAME.
WE HAVE FRESHMAN CONGRESSWOMAN
OMAR WHO NOW EXPOSED HER PARTY’S
ALL TOO COZY RELATIONSHIP WITH
VIRULENT ANTI-SEMITISM.
SHE CALLED THE WORLD’S ONLY
JEWISH STATE EVIL, SPECULATED
THAT ITS CITIZENS WERE
HYPNOTIZING THE WORLD.
CONTINUES TO USE ANTI-S IS
CONTINUES TO USE ANTI-SEMETIC
TREATMENT.
SHE HAS FACED ZERO CONSEQUENCES
FOR HER BLATANT DISPLAY OF
ANTI-SEMITISM AND REMAINS ON THE
IMPORTANT FOREIGN AFFAIRS
COMMITTEE.
WE HAVE 12 PRO-ISRAEL,
PRO-JEWISH ORGANIZATIONS THAT
HAVE CALLED ON SPEAKER PELOSI TO
REMOVE OMAR FROM THAT COMMITTEE.
PELOSI IS NOW THROWING THOSE
GROUPS RIGHT UNDER THE BUS AND
MAKING THE EXCUSES FOR HER
COLLEAGUE.
LET’S TAKE A LOOK.
>> WHEN YOU CROSS THAT THRESHOLD
INTO CONGRESS, YOUR WORDS WEIGH
MUCH MORE THAN WHEN YOU’RE
SHOUTING AT SOMEBODY OUTSIDE.
I FEEL CONFIDENT THAT HER WORDS
WERE NOT BASED ON ANY
ANTI-SEMITIC ATTITUDE, BUT THAT
SHE DIDN’T HAVE A FULL
APPRECIATION OF HOW THEY LANDED
ON OTHER PEOPLE WHERE THESE
WORDS HAVE A HISTORY AND A
CULTURAL IMPACT THAT MAY HAVE
BEEN UNKNOWN TO HER.
>> Sean: I’M SURE SPEAKER PELOSI
WILL GIVE THE SAME
CONSIDERATIONS TO REPUBLICANS
WHEN THEY SAY SIMILAR THINGS,
GOD FORBID.
OR IF SHE’LL MAKE EXCUSES FOR
ANYBODY.
PELOSI IS SADLY NOT THE ONLY
DEMOCRAT GIVING COVER TO
CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR.
THE CHAIRMAN OF THE FOREIGN
AFFAIRS COMMITTEE IS ALSO
REFUSING TO TAKE THE NECESSARY
ACTION AGAINST THE ANTI-SEMITE
ON HIS COMMITTEE.
TAKE A LOOK.
>> AT WHAT POINT DO YOU SAY TO
HER, CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR, LOOK,
YOU’RE NOT ON THIS COMMITTEE
ANYMORE, ARE YOU CLOSE TO THAT?
ABOUT THAT POINT?
>> NO, I’M NOT CLOSE TO IT.
FIRST OF ALL, IT’S NOT UP TO ME.
THIS IS DONE BY THE LEADERSHIP.
I DON’T KNOW THAT THAT WOULD DO
ANYTHING.
IT WOULD JUST EXACERBATE THE
SITUATION EVEN MORE.
I’M LOOKING TO GET RID OF
ANTI-SEMITISM, NOT LOOKING TO
PUNISH ANYBODY.
>> Sean: BIGGEST PROBLEM HERE IS
THIS KEEPS HAPPENING WITH
CONGRESSMAN OMAR AGAIN AND
AGAIN.
BELIEVE IT OR NOT, IT GETS
WORSE.
JAMES CLYBURN SAYING TO THE HILL
THAT OMAR’S LIFE EXPERIENCE IS
MORE PERSONAL ON THE CHILDREN OF
HOLOCAUST SURVIVORS SO EVERYONE
SHOULD GIVE HER A BREAK.
WE DID LOSE 6 MILLION JEWISH
SOULS SLAUGHTERED IN THE
HOLOCAUST AND THAT’S NOT ALL.
MANY 2020 PRESIDENTIAL
CANDIDATES, THEY ARE ALSO
SUPPORTING OMAR INCLUDING BERNIE
SANDERS, KAMALA HARRIS,
ELIZABETH WARREN.
WE’VE GOT THE TAPE.
TAKE A LOOK.
>> I THINK IT’S JUST PART OF A
LEARNING PROCESS THAT WE HAVE AS
A COUNTRY, FRANKLY.
>> THERE ARE DIFFERENT
PERSPECTIVES.
MY PERSPECTIVE IS THAT HER
COMMENTS WERE INAPPROPRIATE, BUT
THAT SHE HAS APOLOGIZED AND THAT
WE SHOULD MOVE ON.
>> I’M LOOKING TO GET RID OF
ANTI-SEMITISM, NOT LOOKING TO
PUNISH ANYBODY.
>> OMAR IS A REFUGEE FROM
SOMALIA.
SHE COMES FROM A DIFFERENT
CULTURE.
SHE HAS THINGS TO LEARN.
>> Sean: SHE APOLOGIZES AGAIN
AND AGAIN AND AGAIN.
THIS IS REALLY NOW THE PARTY OF
LITERALLY ACCEPTING WHAT IS
PRETTY VIRULENT ANTI-SEMITISM,
BIGOTRY.
PERHAPS MOST ALARMING, MOST
TELLING, PART OF THIS SCANDAL, A
HOUSE RESOLUTION TO CONDEMN
ANTI-SEMITISM, IT DIDN’T HAVE
ENOUGH DEMOCRATIC SUPPORT TO
EVEN BRING IT TO A VOTE BECAUSE
THEY KNEW IT WOULDN’T PASS.
THAT’S WHEN SPEAKER PELOSI
ALLOWED OMAR ACCESS TO HELP IN
THE EDITING OF THE NEW
RESOLUTION.
THIS BILL CONDEMNED PRETTY MUCH
EVERY HORRIBLE GROUP OF PEOPLE.
WHITE SUPREMACISTS, NEONAZIS,
KKK.
CONDEMNING BIGOTRY AGAINST
MUSLIMS, YEAH, ALSO CONDEMNED
ANTI-SEMITISM.
DIDN’T MENTION HER NAME.
NOT ONCE.
THE VERY REASON WHY THIS
CONDEMNATION WAS TO BE WRITTEN
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
IT MADE NO MENTION OF
CONGRESSWOMAN TLAIB.
IT ALSO MADE NO MENTIONS OF THE
VARIOUS DEMOCRATS WHO ASSOCIATE
WITH LINDA SOSORE.
ANOTHER VIRULENT ANTI-SEMITE.
2020 CONTENDERS KIRSTEN JILL
2020 CONTENDERS KIRSTEN
GILLIBRAND AND BERNIE SANDERS.
THEN OF COURSE REPRESENTATIVES
OCASIO-CORTEZ AND TLAIB AND SO
MANY MORE.
WHERE IS THE MORAL, SIMPLE
STRENGTH TO JUST STAND UP TO
THIS BIG INDUSTRY.
WHERE’S NANCY PELOSI.
THERE’S A REASON SHE’S ACTING
THIS WAY.
THE TRUTH AND REALITY IS, SHE
KNOWS DEEP DOWN IN HER HEART SHE
IS NO LONGER SPEAKER.
SHE LIVES IN COMPLETE FEAR AND
PANIC, AND IS TOTALLY AND
COMPLETELY CONTROLLED BY THIS
FRINGE, RADICAL, SOCIALIST,
ANTI-SEMITC IN HER PARTY.
SHE WILL BE OVERTHROWN FROM THAT
ALL-IMPORTANT POSITION.
TONIGHT, NANCY PELOSI IS MERELY
THE SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE IN NAME
ONLY.
THE RADICALS ARE PULLING THE
STRINGS AND IT’S A PRETTY SCARY
PICTURE.
TODAY, WE LEARNED THAT
CONGRESSWOMAN ALEXANDRIA
OCASIO-CORTEZ HAS BEEN HIT WITH
A BRAND-NEW COMPLAINT, THIS TIME
OVER HER BOYFRIEND’S E-MAIL
ACCOUNT.
IT ALLEGES THAT OCASIO-CORTEZ
OBTAINED AN OFFICIAL
MAIL.HOUSE.GOV E-MAIL FOR HER
BOYFRIEND BY CALLING HIM A STAFF
MEMBER.
SHE ALSO RECEIVED TWO SEC
COMPLAINTS, ONE ACCUSING HER OF
FUNNELING THOUSANDS OF THOUSANDS
FUNNELING THOUSANDS OF THOUSANDSOF DOLLARS IN CAMPAIGN FUNDS TO
OF DOLLARS IN CAMPAIGN FUNDS TO
HER BOYFRIEND.
ANOTHER ALLEGING THAT HER
CAMPAIGN MANAGER IMPROPERLY
FUNNELED NEARLY A MILLION
DOLLARS FROM THE CAMPAIGN TO
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
THEY’RE ALL EXTREMELY SERIOUS
ISSUES THAT COULD RESULT IN
CHARGES AS IT RELATES TO
CAMPAIGN VIOLATIONS.
THAT’S IF WE HAVE EQUAL JUSTICE
UNDER THE LAW.
AND ACCORDING TO REPORTS,
OCASIO-CORTEZ MAY SOON FACE EVEN
MORE LEGAL TROUBLE WITH AN
IMPENDING ETHICS COMPLAINT
SOUNDING IMPROPER CO-MINGLING OF
CAMPAIGN AND SOCIAL MEDIA
ACCOUNTS IN ORDER TO RAISE
MONEY.
LIKE EVERY GOOD SOCIALIST, SHE
APPEARS TO BE PRETTY CORRUPT TO
THE CORE, ESPECIALLY NOW WITH
MONEY INVOLVED.
SHE REPRESENTS EVERYTHING THAT
IS WRONG WITH THIS NEW RADICAL
EXTREME DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST
PARTY.
A PARTY EXCUSING THEIR OWN
BIGOTRY AND ANTI-SEMITISM.
A PARTY PUSHING THE MOST RADICAL
SOCIALIST ECONOMIC POLICIES THAT
WILL GUARANTEE AMERICA SPIRALS
INTO A DEPRESSION.
IT’S THAT SERIOUS.
A PARTY THAT HAS GONE SO FAR TO
THE LEFT THEY WON’T EVEN HOLD A
DEBATE ON THE FOX NEWS CHANNEL.
I WON’T BE HOSTING.
DON’T WORRY.
LET NOT YOUR HEARTS BE TROUBLED.
PRETTY GUTLESS MOVE BY
DEMOCRATS.
PRESIDENT TRUMP WRITING
"DEMOCRATS JUST BLOCKED @FOXNEWS
FROM HOLDING A DEBATE.
I THINK I’LL DO THE SAME WITH
THE FAKE NEWS NETWORKS AND THE
RADICAL NEWS DEMOCRATS IN THE
GENERAL ELECTION DEBATES."
EVERY SINGLE SECOND OF EVERY
24-HOUR DAY THESE OTHER NETWORKS
ARE COMPLETELY DEDICATED TO ONE
THING AND ONE THING ONLY.
TRASHING, SMEARING, BESMIRCHING
AND DESTROYING PRESIDENT TRUMP
AND EVERYONE WHO LIKES HIM.
DESPITE DEHUMANIZING AND LYING
ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP AND NEVER
ADMITTING IT.
IN REALITY, WE KNOW THAT 2020
DEMOCRATS, THEY’RE JUST TOO
AFRAID TO FACE REAL QUESTIONS
FROM FAIR AND BALANCED
JOURNALISTS HERE ON THE FOX NEWS
CHANNEL AND OUR NEWS DIVISION,
JOURNALISTS WHO DON’T BUY INTO
THE CONSPIRACY THEORIES AND FAKE
NEWS, THAT WILL ASK FAIR AND
TOUGH QUESTIONS.
YOU KNOW WHAT, THEY’RE NOT IN
THE TANK LIKE CNN AND MSNBC.
ON THIS NETWORK, WE DISTINGUISH
OPINION AND NEWS.
OBVIOUSLY I AM A TALK SHOW HOST.
I’VE EXPLAINED THAT JOB FOR ALL
THE PEOPLE THAT WANT TO LISTEN.
THEY DON’T SEEM TO WANT TO
UNDERSTAND WHAT WE DO.
JOURNALISTS WHO WON’T FEED
QUESTIONS TO THEIR FAVORITE
CANDIDATES AHEAD OF TIME.
CNN DID THAT FOR HILLARY
CLINTON.
HILLARY CLINTON’S CAMPAIGN
TOTALLY IGNORED HUGE BLOCKS OF
VOTERS THAT SHE CONSIDERED
DEPLORABLE.
THE REST IS HISTORY.
MAYBE THIS RADICAL PROP OF 2020
DEMOCRATS, MAYBE THEY’LL LEARN
FROM HER MISTAKES.
I TEND TO DOUBT IT.
BEFORE WE GET TO OUR GUEST.
HANNITY WATCH ON MUELLER’S WITCH
HUNT.
TODAY, PAUL MANAFORT WAS
SENTENCED TO 47 MONTHS IN
PRISON.
THAT’S JUST SHY OF FOUR YEARS.
NOW, THIS IS FOR TAX FRAUD.
BANK FRAUD, OTHER CRIMES, NOT AT
ALL, AS THE JUDGE POINTED OUT IN
VERY STRONG TERMS DAY, NOTHING
RELATED TO TRUMP/RUSSIA
COLLUSION.
NOTHING TO EVEN DO WITH THE TIME
THAT MANAFORT WORKED FOR TRUMP
WHICH WAS, I THINK, MAYBE A
HUNDRED DAYS.
MANAFORT COULD HAVE BEEN
SENTENCED TO 19 TO 24 YEARS IF
MUELLER GOT HIS WAY.
OBVIOUSLY THEY WANTED HIM TO DIE
IN PRISON FOR CHEATING ON HIS
TAXES AND LYING ON LOAN
APPLICATIONS.
BY THE WAY, FREE ADVICE, PAY
YOUR TAXES.
THE FEDERAL JUDGE CALLED THOSE
GUIDELINES EXCESSIVE.
THE JUDGE HAS GONE OUT OF HIS
WAY REMINDING PEOPLE THIS CASE
HAS NOTHING WHATSOEVER TO DO
WITH THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND
RUSSIA COLLUSION.
THIS IS A WITCH HUNT.
JUDGE ELLIS SAID THEY WANT TO
PUT THE SCREWS TO MANAFORT SO
HE’LL START TO SING OR COMPOSE.
WE KNOW WHAT THIS IS ABOUT,
OTHERWISE WE WOULDN’T BE HERE.
NOW FOUR YEARS IN JAIL FOR
MANAFORT.
THE MAINSTREAM HATE TRUMP MEDIA
THAT’S NOT STOPPING, BY THE WAY,
THE MAINSTREAM HATE TRUMP MEDIA MOB FROM TAKING A JOYOUS VICTORY
MOB FROM TAKING A JOYOUS VICTORY
LAP.
BY THE WAY, WHEN IS HILLARY
GOING TO BE CHARGED?
TAKE A LOOK.
>> IT’S SORT OF LIKE WHEN THEY
WHEELED HANNIBAL LECHTER.
>> IT’S THE ONLY OPTION FOR
SOMEONE WHOSE CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN
IS NOT WORKING IN THE AMERICAN
INTEREST.
>> HIS DAYS OF $10,000 SUITS ARE
OVER.
HE’S GOING TO PRISON FOR SOME
PERIOD OF TIME, MOST LIKELY A
LONG TIME.
>> Sean: PAUL MANAFORT’S CASE
AND EVEN MICHAEL COHEN’S CASE,
PAY YOUR TAXES.
AND IF FILLING OUT A LOAN
APPLICATION, DON’T LIE.
GOOD ADVICE.
OBEY THE LAWS.
FOR YEARS, THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA
BREATHLESSLY REPORTING
CONSPIRACY THEORY
CONSPIRACY THEOIES ABOUT TRUMP
STEALING THE ELECTION WITH
RUSSIA.
THEY TOLD YOU RUSSIA WAS
BLACKMAILING TRUMP.
THEY REPORTED ABOUT TRIPS TO
PRAGUE THAT NEVER HAPPENED.
REMEMBER, THEY REPORTED THAT
DONALD TRUMP HAD TWO HOOKERS IN
HIS SUITE AT THE RITZ CARLTON
URINATING ON HIS BED.
IT NEVER HAPPENED.
AS SO MANY OTHER LIES TOLD BY
THE MEDIA.
THEY’RE CELEBRATING THE
SENTENCING OF A 69-YEAR-OLD MAN
OVER CHARGES THAT HAD ABSOLUTELY
OVER CHARGES THAT HAD ABSOLUTELYZERO TO DO WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP
ZERO TO DO WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP